[Tune] Post-Experiment Tools (#4351)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/tune.rst

*  Mix and match different hyperparameter optimization approaches - such as using `HyperOpt with HyperBand`_ or `Nevergrad with HyperBand`_.

> *  Visualize results with `TensorBoard <https://www.tensorflow.org/get_started/summaries_and_tensorboard>`__ and `rllab's VisKit <https://media.readthedocs.org/pdf/rllab/latest/rllab.pdf>`__.

Reviewer: Btw, I would maybe change the viskit link to https://github.com/vitchyr/viskit, since I don't think rllab's original viskit is maintained anymore. @vitchyr's viskit is a for of the original one and has some bug fixes and minor improvements.

> *  Visualize results with `TensorBoard <https://www.tensorflow.org/get_started/summaries_and_tensorboard>`__ and `rllab's VisKit <https://media.readthedocs.org/pdf/rllab/latest/rllab.pdf>`__.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*  Visualize results with `TensorBoard <https://www.tensorflow.org/get_started/summaries_and_tensorboard>`__ and `VisKit <https://github.com/vitchyr/viskit>`__.
```
